fixes #119 - added env const  for connecting server (#177)
webcompat/webcompat-metrics-client: README.md

# Go to http://localhost:3001
```

### Configuration
Environment variables

You can create a .env file (or copy .env.example) and modify variables, make sure variables are all set.

> By default `.env.defaults` is loading and injected throught the webpack configuration.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
By default `.env.defaults` is loaded and injected through the webpack configuration.
```
